The directory *example\_2*  contains input and output files for the simulation of a scaffold composed by a single leaf population.

# COMMAND LINE
To execute SimRA.jar from command line it is necessary to move in the directory where SimRA.jar is stored.
Once the directory has been reached, the jar file SimRA.jar has been executed by the following command line:

```sh
java -jar SimRA.jar ~/Desktop/SimRA_JARandEXAMPLES/example_2/input/ single_population.txt ~/Desktop/SimRA_JARandEXAMPLES/example_2/output/ output_single_population -STR 40 10 6.9
```

#INPUT FILES

The sub-directory *input* contains a text input file for SimRA, *single_population.txt*, defined by the user. The text file contains all the required parameters to simulate a single population.

#OUTPUT FILES

The sub-directory *3output* contains all the output files generated by SimRA:
- single\_population\_SNP\_pop1.txt: the txt file contains information about SNP polymorphisms of the corresponding single contemporary population;
- single\_population\_STRs\_pop1.txt: the txt file contains information about STRs polymorphisms of the corresponding single contemporary population;
- single\_population\_L.txt: an example of output file containing the information about the structure of the ARG by SimRA;
- single\_population\_S.txt: an example of output file containing the information about the non-mixing or completely-linked segments in the extant samples;
- single\_population\_Scaffold\_Description.txt: an example of output file containing the detailed description of the scaffold generated by SimRA. In particular for each edge of the scaffold the number of nodes and edges, sample size, SNPs, the number of active lineages at the bottom and at the top of the edge are reported. In this case the scaffold is composed just by a single leaf population;
- single\_population\_Cytoscape.txt: an example of output file that contains the information about each edge in the ARG. This file can be given in input to Cytoscape in order to visualize the ancestral recombination graph.
